---
title: Forma Reviews API Added Capabilities of Update Attributes and Extended Initiator
  Edit Permissions to Approval Workflows
url: https://aps.autodesk.com/blog/forma-reviews-api-added-capabilities-update-attributes-and-extended-initiator-edit-permissions
date: '2026-05-08'
author: eason.kangEDLV4
feed_url: https://aps.autodesk.com/rss.xml
---
Forma Reviews API Added Capabilities of Update Attributes and Extended Initiator Edit Permissions to Approval Workflows eason.kangEDLV4 20 May 2026 Eason Kang Share In the previous blogs, we shared the Forma Reviews API provided write support . Now, this API has extended its capabilities related to Update Attributes and extended Initiator Edit Permissions in Approval workflows. With this update, we can use the Reviews API to do the following in creating Approval Workflows ( POST workflows ): Enable Update Attributes Specify which File custom attributes you want to display or add to be updated on completion. (Add Attributes in UI) Control behavior or permissions in updating attributes on completion, including these options in UI: Update attributes both for target folder and source folder. Update attributes only for target folder. Allow approvers to choose if the attributes of rejected files are updated for the source folder. Control Initiator Edit Permissions , including these options in UI: Allow Initiators to edit the reviewer assignments and step durations. Allow Initiators to adjust the approvers. As we provided the extended Initiator Edit Permissions in the Approval workflows, here are the changes: `additionalOptions.allowInitiatorToEdit` has been marked as deprecated. Use `additionalOptions.initiatorEditPermissions` instead. GET workflows and GET workflows/:id now show `initiatorEditPermissions` in `additionalOptions` in the response. If you're new to Reviews API, The Reviews tool is a module within Autodesk Forma Data Management. It provides a tool to send files for review using the approval workflow feature, which enables project administrators to facilitate, control, and automate the distribution of files to project members. Project members assigned as reviewers can then review and comment on the files, and members selected as approvers can give final approval for the files to be used. In summary, the Reviews tool enables document managers to distribute project drawings, models, and files for review and approval prior to the commencement of construction. You can find information about the Reviews tool feature in the product help . In this third-phase release, we have updated these endpoints with the changes we shared above. WRITE endpoints POST workflows : Create an approval workflow. READ endpoints GET workflows/:workflowId : Retrieves details of a single approval workflow. GET workflows : A list of the approval workflow definitions. Documentation Field Guide : This page provides an overview of the terminology and background information related to Reviews and the Reviews API. It also includes information about the scope of the current release and its limitations. Step-by-step Tutorial - Create Approval Workflows : This updated page provides instructions on how to create an approval workflow. Reference Guide : This section lists a set of endpoints for creating and listing approval workflows, as well as retrieving details of a single workflow. Code Samples on GitHub Postman Collection If you have any questions or feedback, please don't hesitate to contact us through our APS support channel. Forma APIs Autodesk Forma Data Management
